Wash away my troubles
Wash away my pain…
My family believes in giving back.
so I couldn't be more proud to be opening
one of our helping hands. early learning.
and outreach centers
right here in my hometown.
Giving at-risk kids the support they need
in a safe and nurturing environment.
So with that.
thank you so much for coming out.
Please enjoy the evening.
- What'd you think?
- It was great.
What did you really think?
How much time do we have?
You go everywhere with a red pen
to look for things to correct?
- Yes. I do.
- Seriously?
You know what they say.
writing is rewriting.
- Is it?
- It is.
Rachel. this is a welcome speech. okay?
It's not an exposé for The Globe.
You don't need to…
Hey. that was a good line.
- I know. but it's gonna be better.
- Hey. you know what?
- Stand down here. You're done.
- Just wait. No. please. No. no. no.
I got it. I got it. Okay. Thank you.
Hey. look at me.
Your mom is gonna see the amazing work
that you've done here tonight.
- I promise.
- I doubt it.
She still just sees me as this…
Spoiled playboy who once rented out
the entire club level at the Ritz
to have a water balloon fight
with the Patriots cheerleaders?
I think it was the Celtics.
I'm not that guy anymore.
- I'm not.
- I know.
I just…
We broke up. I got my shit together.
I even started working
for my mother's foundation.
You got me on a better path.
but she just refuses to see it.
And at some point.
you have to start living your life
for you. Hayden. not for her.
And. I just want the crowd here
to know that we didn't break up.
you broke up with me.
Biggest mistake of my life.
Give me another shot.
I don't wanna lose what we have.
Wow.
So that's what that feels like.
What?
Not getting what I want.
Besides…
This is the one meaningful relationship
where I hold all the cards.
Come here.
I'm proud of you.
Where is she?
Where's Rachel?
Tell me. or I call the police.
She was arrested by the FBI.
Arrested by the FBI? How…
How could you let that happen to her?
It's not what I wanted.
- Can I explain?
- You'll explain to the cops.
My son's alive.
The search for David Burroughs
continues in Lower Manhattan.
They are pursuing every lead.
but so far. the fugitive remains at large.
Hey.
- Have you spoken to Hilde yet?
- No.
EMTs are gonna come down.
tell us when it's okay to go up.
By the way.
what did you want to talk to me about?
- What do you mean?
- In the van.
You tell me there was something
you wanted to talk to me about.
Julie put me up to lead the FTF
out of Seattle.
Well. that's great news.
It would mean I'd have to move to Seattle.
Be a hell of a commute if you didn't.
What do you think?
Agent Williams.
They said you could talk to her now.
Ms. Winslow. I'm Agent Max Williams.
This is my partner. Agent Greer.
I know you've been through a lot tonight.
You said I'd be protected.
and you let a madman hold me at gunpoint.
Yeah. I'm sorry about that.
It must have been terrifying.
It was.
Did he tell you what he was doing here
or what this is about?
No.
I'm sorry. So…
He broke in. and he held you at gunpoint.
and he never said why?
No.
So he comes all the way to New York
to talk to you and doesn't say anything?
Don't you find that a little odd?
Know what else is odd?
- He left his gun hanging behind.
- It all happened so fast.
Well. it didn't happen that fast. right?
He was in your house for ten minutes?
Ms. Winslow…
Why are you lying to us?
- I-I'm not.
- No?
You said you would keep me safe.
and now you're treating me like a suspect.
The fire escape
that Burroughs used to get away.
the one that's off your bedroom window.
you can't see it from your living room.
How did he know it was there?
Lucky guess.
Right?
She helped him escape.
Why is she protecting him?
Why do you think?
We're looking at this all wrong.
If Burroughs didn't come here for revenge…
Then what did he come here for?
So.
this Hilde lady. she lies on the stand.
That's grounds for retrial. isn't it?
Why don't you just take that to the cops?
If the kidnappers know
that the cops are involved.
who knows what they're gonna do?
And by kidnappers.
you mean the Boston mob.
I don't need you to believe me.
I need you to help Rachel.
Of course I will. you know that.
- That's not the question.
- What is?
Even if I could get her out.
and it's a big if. what then?
If she's seen helping you.
she's... She's just gonna end up in prison.
- I'll keep her out of it.
- Good luck with that.
The minute she gets
her sights set on something. that's it.
It won't matter. Hilde said
that she's gonna help me tomorrow.
I need you to call Skunk and get him
to come to New York. Can you do that?
After that. you'll never see me again.
Get Rachel out. tell her I said thank you.
and I'll find Matthew on my own.
Wait.
Where are you gonna stay tonight?
- I don't know. work it out.
- You're a wanted fugitive. David.
I don't think you're gonna have
many options. I mean. you…
You're already here.
You sure?
No. Not even.
But when I see Rachel tomorrow.
I can't very well tell her
that I kicked you out. can I?
This is a waste of time.
- The cops went over all this.
- Cops thought he did it.
They focused on him from the beginning.
You know how that plays out.
There's gotta be some unanswered question.
some loose end
that they didn't think
was important at the time.
On the night of Matthew's abduction.
Cheryl was working at the hospital. right?
She got called in for a bus accident.
That's just it.
There's no accident report in the file.
Well. it got misplaced.
or they lost it when they boxed it up.
Agreed. but in a world of loose ends
and unanswered questions…
I had a friend at the MTA.
I'm gonna call him and see what he says.
You all right?
- Should have done more.
- Like what?
Believe him. for starters.
I need to see my boy again. Philip.
Appreciate your help.
You're not gonna believe this.
My friend checked the DOT database.
The reason there's
no accident report in the file
is because there was
no bus accident that night.
No. not possible.
Detectives would've
verified Cheryl's story.
They did.
The detectives spoke to a…
a hospital administrator. Yeah. here.
He confirmed
Cheryl was called into the hospital
that night due to a bus accident.
Ronald Dreason.
Cheryl's new husband.
- Adam and I will go talk to him.
- No.
I'll do it.
I need you to listen to me.
It's about Matthew.
We think he's alive.
Dr. Dreason. How's it going?
Any chance I can convince you
to join me on rounds?
Sure. why not?
Obstetrics and pediatric surgery
often go hand in hand.
Having someone of Dr. Dreason's
considerable talents is one of the reasons
why I chose Boston General
when I left the private sector.
It wasn't for the long hours
and mounds of paperwork?
That's just a bonus.
Why don't we start in pediatrics
since we have you?
Sounds good.
Cheryl. you okay?
Yeah. I just need a minute.
Start without me. I'll catch up.
Can I help you?
Could you point me
toward Ronald Dreason's office?
I'm sorry. he's not in today.
Lenny?
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Boy or girl?
It's a girl.
When were you diagnosed?
Those warts can be itchy.
How are you holding up?
I'm fine.
The Burroughs' motto.
Why are you here?
I think I know
why David broke out of prison.
Yeah. me too.
Rachel called.
Matthew's gone. Lenny.
Nothing we can do will change that.
Yeah. you're probably right. But…
If you'll indulge an old man
a few questions. it would mean a lot.
Go ahead.
That night you were brought down
to the hospital for a bus accident.
- What happened when you got here?
- What do you mean?
Did you treat the victims?
No. the accident had been rerouted
to a different hospital.
Who told you that?
The hospital administrator.
- Ronald?
- Yes. Ronald.
What does it matter?
It matters because there were
no bus accidents that night. Cheryl.
- Of course there was.
- No.
According to the MTA.
there were no bus accidents
in the Greater Boston Area that night.
That… That doesn't make any sense.
I agree. That's why I want
to talk to Ronald about it.
What are you implying here. Lenny?
That my husband made up a bus accident
to get me to the hospital? Is...
Do you know how absurd that sounds?
Yeah.
You're right.
I shouldn't have come.
It was good to see you.
I'm happy for you.
I really am.
You've reached
Ronald Dreason of Boston General.
Leave a message.
I need to talk to you. Will you call me
back as soon as you get this?
You never struck me as a gun guy.
My mother's a bit of a worrier.
Always felt better knowing
that I had a gun in the apartment.
- You know how to handle one?
- Yeah. my dad's a cop.
- You're not gonna shoot anybody. right?
- Well. that's the plan.
- Still. this could come back on you.
- If it does. I'll just say it was stolen.
Here. Take it before I change my mind.
Hate to press my luck.
but can you drop me somewhere?
Anything else?
We have a problem.
Take a look at this.
A woman with her daughters
at an amusement park?
Is this another way for you to remind me
that I should've taken you more places
when you were a little kid?
Rachel Mills was carrying it
around with her.
Maybe it means something.
And yes. you should have.
I pulled Hilde's phone records.
Yesterday. she made a call
to a Boston number.
Kyle Bergin. a career scumbag.
Capo for the Fisher family.
Kyle Bergin. aka Skunk.
Armed robbery. multiple assaults.
racketeering. extortion.
What. was this guy born mobbed up?
He also had a couple murder charges.
They were tossed due to technicality.
So. what is Hilde doing
calling someone like this?
No idea. BPD is picking him up.
and I'm having Hilde
brought down here so we can ask her.
In the meantime.
I'm gonna take a last run at Rachel Mills
before she's transferred to county.
All right.
And not for nothing. we all went
to Disneyland when you were nine.
No. Mom and I went to Disneyland.
You got as far as the hotel before
you caught a case and flew to Arizona.
Right. Yeah. the Browning escape.
Well. we caught him
just outside of Phoenix.
It was Tucson.
I told David to meet me
at Washington Square Park.
- What did you say?
- That I have answers for him.
- You better hope he shows up.
- He will.
Please tell Mr. Fisher I did the right thing.
Ms. Mills.
How was your night?
Pretty great.
You guys should Airbnb this place
when you're not using it.
Ha!
That's cute.
Sense of humor's key when you're looking
at 25 to life in prison.
Speaking of which.
I brought something for you.
Thought you might want it
for your new cell.
You wanna tell me who's in the photo?
Just some friends of mine.
Okay.
Should I tell her?
We spoke to Hilde Winslow
after David paid her a visit.
She wouldn't speak to us.
but know who she called when he left?
A capo in the Fisher crime family.
What's up?
So. BPD couldn't find Kyle Bergin.
so they asked us to ping his phone.
- Great. Where is he?
- He's here in the city.
What are you talking about?
Cell tower puts him
at Washington Square Park ten minutes ago.
and Hilde Winslow is missing.
That capo Hilde called
is named Kyle Bergin.
That name mean anything to you?
Goes by the nickname Skunk.
I've never heard of him.
Let me explain something to you.
Kyle Bergin is a problem solver
for Nicky Fisher himself.
Now. if he catches up with David
before we do. it's not going to end well.
Rachel. if you really wanna protect David.
you gotta tell us
where he is before it's too late.
You know what? Fine. Call NYPD.
I want Bergin picked up at the park.
And put that one on a bus to MCC!
Looking for someone?
David Burroughs.
Let's go. Skunk. Nice and easy.
You had the old bird set me up.
You know. I'm almost
a little bit impressed.
You were such
a little bitch in high school.
- Shut up.
- Always had Mackenzie fight for you.
- Keep going.
- Hey. take it easy. tough guy.
I'm just busting balls.
Get up.
Officers were on the way
when the shooting went down.
Multiple witnesses say they saw Burroughs
arguing with another man
before shots were fired.
It's gotta be Skunk.
Hilde Winslow.
Driver's license read Harriet Winchester.
- It's a long story.
- Which one of them shot her? Do we know?
No. but we got a cell phone video
that was taken right after she was killed.
- Let's see it.
- Officer.
So Hilde helps Burroughs escape.
then she calls Bergin.
and the three of them end up here.
And then one of them shoots her?
If Burroughs wanted her dead.
he would've killed her yesterday.
If it was Bergin. the order definitely
came from Nicky Fisher.
So how does Fisher fit into all of this?
Here's the cell phone footage.
- Do we know which way Burroughs went?
- He ran south on Thompson.
Chasing the other guy.
Call MTA right now. Shut down the subways.
What?
After the gun went off. Skunk could've
shot Burroughs. but he didn't. Why?
He just ran off.
That's blood.
Skunk's been shot.
If that's true. he won't get far.
You're a dead man. Burroughs.
I think you got us confused.
Let me have a look.
My wife is a doctor.
Ex-wife.
Gunshot like that.
you're probably going into shock.
Now. I can get you an ambulance…
If you tell me where my son is.
Revere Cemetery.
Rachel Mills.
JPATS to Metropolitan Corrections.
Chopra!
Hold up.
Her lawyer's here.
What? No. When did you make a phone call?
I didn't.
I don't mean to sound ungrateful.
but who are you and what just happened?
I'm your lawyer. I managed to get you
released on a million-dollar bond.
pending an evidentiary hearing
of insufficient evidence.
improper procedure. and lack of cause.
So I'm… free?
Hardly.
You're in a whole world of trouble.
just not today.
Okay. well. you know
I don't have a million dollars. right?
Yes. I gathered that.
So…
Why am I not surprised?
Whenever I really need you. there you are.
What can I say?
I'm like your own personal. wealthy.
incredibly handsome guardian angel.
You left out humble.
Add it to the list.
Wait. so how'd you know I'd been arrested?
Well. I went home to check on you.
and I found David.
wearing one of my suits. I might add.
He's innocent.
Even if he is. it's not
a "get out of jail free" card.
Look. you get caught with David.
there's no lawyer in the world
that's gonna be able to help you.
- I can't worry about that right now.
- You should.
You need to walk away.
I know. look. do you remember that guy
named Skunk who grew up with David?
Okay.
We saw him at the Fourth of July party.
He works for Nicky Fisher.
and he's here in New York to kill David.
What are you talking about?
I know. it's a long story.
but I have to find him.
I have to find David.
What?
I dropped David off
just before I came to get you.
Where?
Hayden. come on. please.
Skunk will wanna get
off the street and hole up somewhere.
Well. the guy's leaking blood.
It's not like he can just duck into a bar
or a restaurant and wait us out.
Hey. Glenn. That's Glenn from
the Department of Transportation.
You said there was
construction in the area.
A stretch of paving on Mercer.
scaffolding on 8th.
and an office renovation
on Thompson and Prince.
Office renovation.
Are there crews there now?
No. They ran into coding violations.
It's on hold.
So the building's empty.
Call tactical.
Have them meet us over there.
You have no idea
what hell I've lived through.
Or what I'm capable of.
I'm gonna ask nicely.
Why would Nicky take my son?
Is this what you wanna be? You wanna
protect a man that kidnaps little kids?
I thought you pieces of shit had a code.
Tell me why Nicky Fisher took my son.
I don't even know him.
Tell me!
Ask your father.
What does that mean?
You heard me.
You wanna know what Nicky Fisher
might have against you and your family?
Ask your old man.
Ask him...
Time's up. Burroughs.
Even if you make it out.
you ain't gonna last long walking around.
You recognize any of the agents
that arrested you?
Not yet.
Shit. The coroner's here.
Give me your phone.
The whole world wants you dead. Burroughs.
Not just me.
- Rachel?
- David. thank God.
I'm here with Hayden. Where are you?
I'm in an empty building two blocks south
of the park. There's cops everywhere.
- I don't think I can get out.
- All right. we're on our way.
I'm heading to an alleyway
with a bunch of construction equipment.
Wait. we passed the renovation
a couple blocks back.
Hey. meet us at the corner
of Thompson and Prince.
Got it.
They're here.
On your left.
You on the ground! Put your hands up!
Do it now. Bergin!
No sign of Burroughs.
First floor clear!
Burroughs isn't here.
I need an ambulance up here right now.
I want street closures
for a two-block radius.
I want this entire area shut down.
Roger that.
He's gotta be close.
- There he is.
- Got him.
Hayden! Cops!
Officers. I saw an armed man
over on Broadway!
238 to Dispatch.
Suspect spotted on Broadway. Let's go.
We're on the way.
Hey.
You spoke to Gerry?
Yeah. She'll be here any minute.
What about Briggs?
I doubt I'll be going back.
At least. not as the warden.
I'm not sure I thanked you
for what you did for David.
I was thinking
about retiring early anyway.
I know someone who'll be glad
you have more time on your hands.
Pretty sure that ship has sailed.
- I don't think Sophie would agree.
- No?
Plus. she'll need a shoulder to cry on
when I'm dead and gone.
Jesus. Lenny.
- Hey.
- Well. look at this.
- It's a real Revere PD reunion.
- Yeah.
You look like hammered shit. Burroughs.
Yeah.
Cancer will do that.
You didn't think to mention that
when you called?
Lenny has cancer.
Asshole.
Sorry. Burroughs.
No. How's the PI trade?
You know.
Fraud. infidelity.
people screwing each other over.
It's a recession-proof business.
A lot less paperwork
when you're not police too.
Thanks for looking into this for us. Gerry.
All right. what do we got on this guy?
Ronald Dreason.
Yeah.
No criminal record.
No civil action. lawsuits.
He's a Boy Scout.
Only time he crossed with law enforcement
was six years ago
when his hospital was targeted by the feds
for a Medicare fraud ring.
You know. fake patients.
phony billing. that sort of thing.
So Ronald Dreason
was involved in Medicare fraud?
No. he was the key witness against
the guy the feds believed was behind it.
Only before it went to trial.
he got amnesia. refused to cooperate.
Somebody got to him.
So who'd the feds think was behind it?
Nicky Fisher.
You guys wanna tell me what's going on?
All right. Well. if you change your mind.
I'll be over there at the bar
drinking on your dime.
Jesus. Lenny.
What if Nicky is behind
Ronald placing that call?
Makes up that fake bus accident that night
to get Cheryl out of the house.
What if he's involved
in what happened to Matthew?
Why would he do that?
We both know why.
Hello!
Where have you been?
I left you three messages.
Sorry. I had my phone off
for the conference. What's going on?
Lenny Burroughs
was at the hospital looking for you.
For me? Why?
He said there was no bus accident
the night Matthew was killed.
He said you made it up.
Why would I do that?
I have no idea. But why would he say that?
I'll give him a call.
Whatever this is about.
there's gotta be a logical explanation.
Yeah. you'd hope so.
- I'm gonna shower.
- All right.
Okay.
Wait. He said. "Ask your father"?
Yeah. it doesn't make sense.
Sorry. don't mean to be the asshole.
but I think the implication
is pretty clear. whether it's true or not.
He's right. I gotta get the bus.
then I gotta talk to him.
But the FBI knows my car.
and public transportation is out.
Okay. here.
Take it.
- You sure?
- Take it.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
You were supposed to leave.
That was the deal.
- Well. things change.
- Do they?
She's trying to help me find Matthew.
You can see that. right?
At what cost? Have you ever stopped
to think about that. about her?
No. I didn't think so.
Hey. Jim. can't really talk right now.
You okay? I got a tip
that you've been arrested by the FBI.
Yeah. aiding and abetting a fugitive
and accessory to murder.
Don't worry. we didn't kill anyone.
Well. then you're all good.
Hey. can I call you later?
We've gotta get to Boston.
What's in Boston?
Anything I can do to help?
Okay. I appreciate everything
you've done. Seriously. thank you.
But we both know why you're calling.
and the answer is no.
Rachel. I've talked to my publisher.
He wants this story.
Jim. you don't understand.
If this story goes national.
it could put Matthew in danger.
This story is going to go national.
It's just a matter of when
and who breaks it.
It won't be me.
I gotta go.
Chopra said some high-priced attorney
got Rachel Mills out on bail.
What?!
What judge would sign off on that?
She was ID'd with Burroughs
right after that prison guard was killed.
- That's accessory to murder.
- Not anymore.
GSR came back positive on Wesson.
M.E. is ruling it a suicide.
So Wesson killed himself.
What the hell is going on here?
Mr. Bergin. I'm Agent Max Williams.
This is Agent Greer.
Any chance either of you guys could…
get me another apple juice?
I had a look at your sheet.
You're quite the overachiever.
Miscarriages of justice.
every single one of them.
In fact. I'm a…
Upstanding citizen.
Who shot and killed a 70-year-old woman
in broad daylight?
That was Burroughs.
He shoots Hilde.
he tortures and kidnaps me.
and I'm the one that's cuffed to a bed.
Great job. Great job.
Two things wrong with your story.
One. we know you shot yourself.
We got that on video.
And two. we retrieved your gun
from the construction site.
So if the bullet
that the doctor pulled from your gut
matches the one in Hilde's chest.
we got you on murder.
You don't have shit.
Wanna bet your life on that. buddy?
Because see. this is federal. which means.
unless we take it off.
death penalty's on the table.
It was Burroughs.
I'm telling you. the guy's insane.
He thinks his son is alive.
He said that?
He said he thinks his son's alive?
Yeah. the one he beat to death
with a baseball bat.
That's what I'm saying.
The guy's got a screw loose.
What about Hilde Winslow?
Why'd she call you?
Because she was scared of Burroughs.
But why did she call you?
All right.
I can phrase this another way. So…
What's Nicky Fisher
got to do with all this?
Forget the apple juice.
Why don't you just go get me my lawyer?
Hey. I ordered some cavatelli
from La Morra. Should be here in a minute.
Okay.
Cheryl. It's Lenny Burroughs.
I have some new information about why
Ronald might have lied about that night.
Echoing your voice.
Just like the ringing in my ear.
Never thought I'd be going home.
My favorite dreams…
Nervous about seeing your dad?
…still wash ashore.
He never said it.
but I could tell by his eyes at the trial
that he thought I did it.
We're gonna make things right.
For both of you.
For all of us.
You always were the one.
To show me how…
Hello. Mother. how are you?
I'm near the Commonwealth.
I thought I'd drop by and say hello.
I would love that.
but I'm not home right now.
How unfortunate.
Yeah. something came up.
- I had to leave town for the evening.
- Well. it must be very important.
- What can I do for you. Mother?
- I'll come by the office tomorrow morning.
We can talk about it then.
Good night. dear.
You make this all go away.
You make this all go away
I'm down to just one thing.
And I'm starting to scare myself.
You make this all go away.
You make this all go away
I'm down to just one thing.
And I'm starting to scare myself.
Holy shit.
You make this all go away.
You make this all go away
I just want something.
I just want something
I can never have.
Everywhere I look. you're all I see.
Just a fading fucking reminder.
Of who I used to be.
Come on and tell me.
You make this all go away.
You make this all go away
I'm down to just one thing.
And I'm starting to scare myself.
You make this all go away.
You make it all go away
I just want something.
I just want something
I can never have.
I can never have